#### API Changes

##### `InputField`

-   Added an optional `defaultValue` property to the `InputField` type, which represents the default value for a field.

##### `SearchValue`

-   Updated the description of the `SearchValue` type to clarify how to search for exact matches and null values.

##### `FamilyId`

-   Added a new `FamilyId` type, which represents a Mapping Family ID.

##### `Program`

-   Added an optional `namespace` property to the `Program` type, which represents the namespace of the program.
-   Added an optional `familyId` property to the `Program` type, which represents the Family ID of the program if it belongs to a family.

##### `ProgramConfig`

-   Added an optional `familyId` property to the `ProgramConfig` type, which represents the ID of the family to add the program to.
-   Added an optional `namespace` property to the `ProgramConfig` type, which represents the namespace of the program.

##### `BaseProperty`

-   Added an optional `description` property to the `BaseProperty` type, which represents a short description of the field with support for Markdown syntax.

##### `NumberConfig`

-   Made the `decimalPlaces` property of the `NumberConfig` type optional.

##### `User`

-   Added `idpRef`, `metadata`, and `createdAt` properties to the `User` type.

##### Mapping Resource

-   Renamed the `createMapping` method to `createMappingProgram`.
-   Added a `getMappingProgram` method to retrieve a mapping program.
-   Added an `updateMappingProgram` method to update a mapping program.
-   Added a `deleteMappingProgram` method to delete a mapping program.
-   Removed the `GetFieldWeightsRequest`, `GetEnumWeightsRequest`, `SourceDestinationWeight`, `SourceDestinationWeights`, and `SourceDestinationWeightsResponse` types.

##### Events Resource

-   Added new event types: `SpaceArchived`, `SpaceGuestAdded`, `SpaceGuestRemoved`, `SecretCreated`, `SecretUpdated`, and `SecretDeleted`.

##### Records Resource

-   Updated examples in various record types to include an optional `value` property.

There were no external interface changes related to the following resources: Accounts, Agents, Apps, Assistant, Auth, Cells, Commits, DataRetentionPolicies, Entitlements, Environments, Files, Foreigndb, Guests, Jobs, Mapping, Roles, Secrets, Sheets, Snapshots, Spaces, Users, Versions, Views, and Workbooks.
